hello everybody my name is thiago and this is
the nau save fountains frame frame a
low cost android smartphone as
need only 39.99 this mar 4
back shape comes equipped with a version
4.4 points today from android
one of the most recent built all in
plastic is not very much
elegant but functional back cover
removable as well as battery
plastic is comfortable and the opposition of
gates and flies with volume control
on the left opting game dropped on the right
and micro usb port on top
along with the jec of 3.5 thousand links
for cold audio photos the micro port
usb in the base but in the top it has
basically the same effect
the smartphone oil will not have a
very high volume but has a
interesting quality for the price is already
Of course I get a little bit into the quality of the
course is a tt of 4.5 cattle as
resolution of 480 by by 854 pixels
not much, these numbers result in a
only 218 bp and are numbers
who will find the bed when they
more than 45, while emphasizing that the
Acrid presents very very easy
stylized android 44 points at
back was a thing as there is a
limit will experience some difficulties
in heavier applications but should
always be able to support form
fast the operating system of Google
I do not expect these but they were hiss
many updates
a practical signal because it is difficult to
Search for
although the numbers are below the
supporter puts trash on the beach of
Angels, I'll use the full payment .
will not be able to play games with the team
but I can see most of them now
bond projects in its history
biggest obstacle will be the same memory
way for the girls served
megabytes miami is little up to
support android and some applications
that the field may not be available
more than 14 sources and another in
memory is the storage space
are only 4 gb of space and these four
gigabytes are almost all occupied by the
operating system only 2.3
discussion for photo applications and
reasons to put your smartphone to
48 matsui external micro sd cards
up to 32 gb of free space
connectivity we are seeing nfc
present as well as those already
failure to a duel that we analyze the
a fountain three g8 and also museums 4g
male as different characteristics
for the best it continues in this four
platforms equipped with a 5
accompanied by megapixels there is easy
does not have much private will notice this
as soon as you start the camera application in the
attempt to understand the use of the environment
they think that the camera application is
slow
the configuration options exist are
simple but of little however a thrashing
that the weak woman has no focus
automatic but a front camera but
taking care of this is even worse than the camera
rear
the possibility of recording video with
HD resolution - the same size head
the video has to work to adopt a
a lapse that is very interesting perhaps
The only interesting thing is that
tanabi's camera captures a photo of the
chi-x time being able this time to be
seconds or hours
we're here to criticize taking care of the camera
but you can not forget that these are more
simple form of 89 and 90 euros
equipped with a processor with
snapdragon 12 years
The same thing on the motorola is
making a short summary of the silva
kills 14 sources when common and each
with five rounds with the sound of 480 healing
854 pixels which results in a density
of the old 8-pb-i in your body place in
Portuguese
dreaming of 4.4.2 that is exported by
dual core processor 1.2 giant
south will follow in the chipset delivery chips 200
thousand and 512 megabytes of 4
gb internal memory and beyond Sukita
micro sd issues up to 32 gb camera
This 5-megapixel rear is not
all red
when considered 3g will arrive at hilton
gps and in deficit is what is very good
dial 4 is raising the vodafone with
about 89 while on the plot a point
strong has the cent routing option
android
the delivery process 200 and of course the
price
the affec in the smartphone even in the weak
quality with lawyers and poor quality
camera in bed of the price rivals
have identical problems
in case there is any doubt there are no
comments with the word more voice
four in a comment so help us
very
liked the video does not exist and click the
goffi button find new complete there
I'll be back with Henrique in the
video description if you want to buy
was sources marc4 olay analysis because
she has much more information than
I was very clear also the
links to facebook and
amazing where they can be read with more
attention